release-cloud: refresh console links (#20642)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-faqs.md

### Can I upgrade the version of TiDB that my cluster is running on?

> No. TiDB Cloud Serverless clusters are upgraded automatically as we roll out new TiDB versions on TiDB Cloud. You can see what version of TiDB your cluster is running in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/clusters) or in the latest [release note](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes). Alternatively, you can also connect to your cluster and use `SELECT version()` or `SELECT tidb_version()` to check the TiDB version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. TiDB Cloud Serverless clusters are upgraded automatically as we roll out new TiDB versions on TiDB Cloud. You can see what version of TiDB your cluster is running in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/clusters) or in the latest [release note](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md). Alternatively, you can also connect to your cluster and use `SELECT version()` or `SELECT tidb_version()` to check the TiDB version.
```
